I just received your quote and unfortunately, at least for now, I have to tell you that it is beyond my reach.

I fully understand the value of the project but I would like to propose an alternative:

The current Merre platform does not currently meet the requirements requested by my company and it is very difficult for me to imagine what it could become in four months, when you have completed working on my requests.

My proposal is therefore this:

I would like to base my proposal on work, on the generation of revenue accrued with the growth of the platform itself.

The real problem with the platform you created is that it was not built specifically for my needs, therefore building my business model from scratch, but I have to "make do" with what I find and ask you to develop new functions to make your platform compatible with my needs. Precisely for this reason you asked me for another 4 months of work + 2 of testing.

If you had worked on the development of a native platform generated specifically for me, I must say that your estimate could have been accepted, but when you developed the code, you and I did not know each other yet and I find myself in a situation where I have to adapt to what I find.

Having said that, I propose a solution:

**Once the development period and subsequent testing of the new platform are over, you will sell me the accounts that I produce until I have completed the total payment for the platform, for a total of €50,000.**

**First of all, I must make sure that my needs are met, and you will understand that this cannot happen before the delivery of the platform.** 

Unfortunately, the obstacles related to communication do not facilitate our transaction, on the contrary.

*In this first phase, you will be my account provider but you will not provide me with the code, thus remaining in your possession.*

Give me the opportunity to start my franchising project.

I assume that I will be able to pay the price of €50,000 in full in a maximum of 6 months. At the end of this period, even if the sales generated by the accounts will not be able to cover the entire amount, I will pay it to you personally. 

This **guarantees** you, contract in hand, to receive your compensation within a maximum of six months from the release of the platform and only when I have paid the entire amount will you give me the code.

*In these first six months, therefore, the code will remain your property, unless you pay the entire amount first.*

This project is based on a simple and effective idea: Work well, work together and solve the problems that we will face.

I am sure that for you it is not a problem to wait 6 months to give a concrete economic value to your work.

I therefore propose that you work as a team and not as an independent professional.

I do not intend to say goodbye to you today and receive a phone call from you in 4 months informing me of the completed work, I would instead like to accompany you on this journey, building together with you a professional collaboration based on the development of the platform in all its parts.

I would therefore be happy to schedule a call at least once a week, during which, even simply using writing as a means of communication (so that both you and I can quickly translate each other's thoughts) we can carry forward the platform project exactly as needed.

However, I recommend that you get a simultaneous translator like this one to facilitate our communication. A simultaneous translator offers you the possibility of immediately translating into Italian what you say into the translator's microphone so that I can hear your words in my native language directly from the translator's speaker. You can do the same with me, since I already have one.

My business model is the model of doing. Usually appreciated by people who are clear about the value of their work and who do not consider 6 months an obstacle to the realization of the project.

Sure of your cordial feedback, I wish you a good continuation of your day and work.